Adopt cybereason pack (#17032)
demisto/content: Packs/Cybereason/ReleaseNotes/1_0_19.md

##### Cybereason

> Note: Support for this pack will be moving to the partner around April 11th, 2022

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Support for this pack will be moving to the partner around May 15th, 2022
```
